Catalog image part 1 (#9191)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/explore/explore-projects.md

### Example of lenses

> Example of applying the **Materialization type** _lens_ on a zoomed-out lineage graph. In the bottom-left corner, open **Lenses** and select **Materialization type**. Each node displays a colored badge for its materialization type (for example, **VIEW** or **TABLE**), and the legend lists Table, View, Incremental, Ephemeral, and Materialized View.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of applying the **Materialization type** _lens_ on a zoomed-out lineage graph. In the bottom-left corner, open **Lenses** and select **Materialization type**. Each node displays a colored badge for its related materialization type:
- Table
- View
- Incremental
- Ephemeral
- Materialized View.
```

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/collaborate/dbt-explorer/example-materialization-type.png" width="100%" title="Example of the Materialization type lens" />

> Example of applying the **Test status** _lens_ on a lineage graph filtered to models. In the bottom-left corner, open **Lenses** and select **Test status**. Each node displays a colored badge for its latest test status (for example, **PASS** or **UNKNOWN**), and the legend lists Pass, Error, Fail, Warn, Skipped, and Reused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of applying the **Test status** _lens_ on a lineage graph filtered to models. In the bottom-left corner, open **Lenses** and select **Test status**. Each node displays a colored badge for its latest test status:
- Pass
- Error
- Fail
- Warn
- Skipped
- Reused.
```
